Open issues

1. Architecture handling
   Ensure 'best' architecture is choosen on fresh install
   Ensure update keeps architecture
   Ensure dist-upgrade chooses 'best' architecture
   
2. Logging
   Improve logging so solver decisions are comprehensible
   
3. weak dependencies
   to support 'recommends'
   mark rules as 'weak' so trackback on assignment conflict can
   disable such rules and continue
   
4. reverse dependencies
   essentialfor, supplements
   will be almost for free when weak rules are implemented
   still rules have to be marked 'reverse' for logging and proposal
   correctness
   
5. Syntax
   Define syntax for 'boolean expression' capability
   How to express and, or, not within a .spec file ?
   See 'extended reldeps' below
   
6. Locale supplements
   support local(de), locale(de,at,ch) and locale(<package>:de)
   eventually extend 'package' to reldep, e.g. locale(package > 5.3-2:de)
   
7. Modalias supplements
   support modalias(<modalias-regexp>) and modalias(<package>:<modalias-regexp>)
   eventually extend 'package' to reldep, e.g. modalias(package >5.3-2:<modalias-regexp>)

8. Architecture rules
   architecture-specific dependencies
   
9. Locks
   ability to keep packages at a specific version
   ability to prevent installation of specific packages / reldep

10. Extended reldeps
    Boolean AND, OR
    Compare architecture
    Compare namespace
   
11. Syntax of dependencies
    Two types of conjunctions:

    1. "a>5 AND b>5"  => a and b can be provided by different solvables
    2. "a>5 WITH b>5" => 'and' operation but a and b are provided by same
                         solvable. (the 'with' operator is a naming
			 proposal)

12. Boolean expressions
    Full range of boolean operators (AND, OR, NOT) and
    conditionals (IF/THEN/ELSE) for dependencies.

13. Source priorities
    Prefer solvables from specific sources

14. split-provides
    Support for package splits, renames

15. better solution proposals
    if transactions are unsolvable, offer understandable proposals what
    to change to make the transaction solvable.

16. multiple solutions
    compute all possible solutions and rank them

17. solution ranking
    configurable solution ranking
    best sources, newest packages, smallest download size, 
    smallest install size, lowest number of installs, lowest number of
    updates, lowest number of removals, prefer most popular packages,
    prefer vendor,
    